hi everybody this is Shai again on
today's special we're gonna make some
chapati chapati is one of the most known
Indian bread I bet that are millions of
chapati made everyday chappati is very
easy to make it tastes wonderful and
every Indian meal is going to be much
better if it's served with chapati I
want to start this video by showing you
how chappati is made on the streets of
India of course there are modern
bakeries in India that make thousands of
chapati every day this was shot on the
streets of al-abaad where restaurant
owners prefer to make their chapati
their chapati is made in many different
ways you can find chapati made in a
special oven you can find chapati made
on the stove on a special skillet
knowing that I'm gonna make some chapati
at home I bought in India this metal
skillet but if you don't have it you can
do it on a heavy pan
trying to imitate the Indian though I
came up with the dough of my own I'm
using a mixer but you can do it by hand
we're gonna start by putting two cups of
flour in a ball we're gonna put one
teaspoon of dry yeast and then one
teaspoon of sugar in the center let it
mix dry add three to four tablespoons of
vegetable oil
mix it a little bit and then add water
first to the center of the dough we're
gonna put about half a cup in the center
of the dough let the dough collect the
flour from the sides of the bowl and mix
it now we're gonna start to add some
water to the sides the idea is to get to
a very flexible consistency but not too
soft if you put too much water you can
add some flour if the dough is too tough
you can add a little bit of water all
together I've added about one cup of
water into this mix
now the secret you get though similar to
the chapati dough is to add whole wheat
flour at the end of the process so I
wanna get first a very flexible dough
just like that now I'm going to add half
a cup of whole wheat flour and mix it
together if you see that the flour
doesn't stick to the dough you can add a
little bit of water after about 5
minutes the dough should be ready
now we're going to take the dough and
cut it to pieces to about ten pieces now
we want to shape the dough to little
balls just like that if you're not
comfortable in doing it with one hand
you can shape it any way you want
now it's time to open the dough and make
the chapati to open the dough I'm using
a pasta maker which I find very very
comfortable to work with I've set the
machine to the thickest opening possible
and then I run the dough once and then I
run it again now I'm going to switch to
one or three levels above which was
gonna make it thinner next step is to
stretch the dough from the sides to make
it round as you see the dough is very
flexible so it's very easy now this is
the piece of metal I've told you before
I've preheated it on the stove and then
I'm gonna put the dough on top of it on
fast motion this is how it should look
now I'm gonna turn it to the other side
next step is to put it on some open fire
just like that
and the chapati is ready we're gonna
make another one we're gonna turn it
over
then we're gonna put it on the open fire
again that's it our chapatis ready we're
gonna repeat this process with the rest
of the dough you can see in India and
around the world many people eat with
the chapati they tear a little part of
the bread and then they scoop the dishes
with it
dishes like chana masala or aloo Gobi or
whatever Indian dish possible it tastes
wonderful
that's it I hope you enjoyed this video
if you did please subscribe to my
channel thanks for watching
take care